this was the big one now the fight to
the finish everything else have been
only preliminaries the winner of this
one would take home the marbles
short of a breakdown it looks like a
shoo-in for Roy Thomas entry number one
Oh up to now has been like a fox in the
hen house with no one able to close the
gap sending a torrid pace Jimin scarcely
settled into the groove and the clutch
linkage failed again
this time there was no retreat he had
given it his best shot there's no way
you can drag a crippled hoon to the
winner's circle
especially in this point or even the
finish can be somewhat of a novel last
year Jim had taken third in the
motocross in which 40 started and three
finished now was his turn beside life
but like cheap jockeys everywhere he'd
be back ready for another crack at the
title and already planning how it could
be done maybe a cross between the four
by and a water buffalo
23 laps to go and churn but the long day
of racing the water is now a muddy suit
salty gritty like grinding compound
capable of producing a crankshaft to
rubble or separating your clever to help
absorb the initial shock some of the
drivers use shut arms the disadvantage
is it also restricts somewhat the
movement of the head the quick sidelong
glance that helps you to jockey into
position certain spots in the water
holes are better than others you try to
hit those spots places where the ruts
haven't moved around too much places
that will carry you through faster
slamming into the south turn in fee
number one continues to hold a
commanding lead it always like a monkey
on your back is how long will it hold
together how far can you push it before
something happens and more often than
not the answer is not quite far enough
one minute he could be leading the pack
the next dead in the water and for Ron
Thomas a bitter pill to swallow with Ron
Thomas out and sensing Vicki MP number
45 heads for the pot of gold at the
other end of this mud washed rainbow and
moving into the final lap it's a whole
new ball
along with a hippie share the four
thousand dollar purse Bill Smith from
Tacoma can lay claim to the title of
world's champion Jeep rodeo
you